hey Dad hey Mick fancy meeting you here
yeah fancy seeing you here too uh well
this might not be the most fun
conversation but I thought before we
delve into how awful this is I thought I
could just read a brief background I
wrote about what's been going on so
people are caught up to speed is that
okay
yep okay the gist of it is it looks like
your license is getting taken away but
starting from the beginning the College
of psychologists of Ontario a regulatory
board that was formed to monitor
psychologists relationships with their
clients mainly has been after you for is
it 3 years or is it longer than that it
depends on the waves but for this issue
it's been three or four years yeah uh so
working professionals like doctors
lawyers massage therapists even are all
overseen by regulatory boards what
regulatory boards are supposed to do is
give cents who've been basically abused
by working professionals a place to go
to to complain to what happened to you
is a bunch of people who weren't your
clients random people online from all
over the world complained about a number
of your tweets as well as comments you
made on Joe
Rogan the sorry not beautiful tweet in
reference to a extremely obese swimsuit
model a tweet criticizing the government
of Canada a tweet saying that Physicians
removing women's breasts for being trans
was Criminal
and one I thought fairly entertaining
tweet suggesting that this is the tweet
that people online are saying you were
inciting suicide which honestly I think
you'd have to have the IQ of a beetle in
order to think that but anyway you
responded to someone who thought the
world's population was too high and
suggested that he should include himself
in the depopulation he was already
suggesting the college basically took
all those complaints and decided that
you pose a moderate risk to the the
public and I quote the tweets were
undermining public trust in the
profession of psychology and Trust in
the college's ability to regulate the
profession in the public interest so
completely ignoring the fact that one
morbid obesity should not be encouraged
as it kills people uh removing your
breast and sterilizing yourself should
not be encouraged and I'm not even sure
why we'd have to explain that
criticizing the government should be
protected and sarcasm as a form of humor
they decided you have to undergo
re-education which you fought back
against and lost and appealed and lost
because in my opinion the court system
in Canada is full of woke judges so
there was no winning there and now
you're basically in a position where you
either undergo
re-education which won't work because
you won't get turned woke or you lose
your license you don't know you never
know this time next year man it's pink
hair and away we go on the radical
leftist side heard it completely no you
don't think so I I don't think so so
that's that's the overview so I guess we
could start with like how are you
feeling about all
this I think you were insulting to
Beatles what have they ever done to you
Michaela okay
anyways yeah so are you okay
it's tiring you know like I'm preparing
for this tour I I have a I'm finishing
up two books they're very complicated
they take pretty much all my attention
and having to fight this
war well it's tiring you know I have to
plot
strategize write watch my tongue
consider my next best move and I also
have to face the Dismal reality that as
I wrote in the National Post in Canada's
national post this week that in some
real fundamental sense Canada's Charter
of Rights isn't worth the paper it's
written on
and
likely Professionals in this country can
say goodbye to their right to express
themselves politically or otherwise
politically or professionally I I don't
think that my tweets some of my tweets
were political in a sense in that I was
criticizing certain government figures
councilman Trudeau's former Chief of
Staff and Justin the WF puppet himself
and um I suppose you could argue that
those were political opinions and fair
enough but I have the right to my
political opinions um many the tweets
that I really got criticized for
particularly the one regarding um Paige
or
page or however he or she wants to be
referred to um I also regarded that as a
professional obligation because I think
it's incumbent on psychologists with an
ounce of Integrity to point out the
danger of self of having self- deluded
narcissistic
self-destructive celebrities parade
their proclivity to self sterilized and
self mutilate as a public good on their
public forums so I don't regret any of
that and I certainly you know me
Michaela I can feel guilty at the drop
of a hat it's actually one of my
outstanding features and I've scoured my
conscience with regards to these
accusations
and the the best I can do is to find
them grimly amusing it this is so
ridiculous I mean
the fact that the college accepted a
complaint that was the entire transcript
of
my three-hour discussion with Joe Rogan
pretty much says it all and by the way
on the climate front just so that
everyone is crystal clear about this I
think the climate models that are used
to justify the encroaching tyranny
planned by the WF are 100%
untrustworthy and I think that the
notion that we should let people terrify
us to death with Notions of an impending
climate apocalypse so that we have to be
locked down in every possible manner
give up our automobiles give up our
private give up our flights private or
otherwise give up our right to buy
clothing give up our right to eat give
up our right to keep Grandma warm or
cool in the summer let's say it's like
no sorry no wrong in every possible way
and more and more people are waking up
to that realization you know some of
these tweets are now two years old I
think they've aged remarkably well
personally and so um I just I don't see
where the crime is here man I think the
crime would have been holding my tongue
so and you know you ask me how I'm doing
it's like this didn't really come as a
surprise so I already prepared for it um
and as you and I spoke about last night
and I've talked over with Tammy too and
with Julian my son for you know to some
degree we're going to see what good we
can make arise from this and if this is
my opportunity to further expose the
mations of the radical left narcissistic
resentful woke mob then bring it on boys
we saw what happened to Claudine gay we
saw what happened to the president of
upen if the good people at the Ontario
College of psychologists think they're
immune from such things they have
another think coming
so you know and maybe I'm wrong I'm not
wrong about the damn tweets you know I
might be wrong about how this is going
to unfold but even there the worst thing
they can do to me is take my license now
they're definitely planning to do that
because the rule is I have to be
educated by people of their choice at my
expense for whatever length of time they
deem suitable until by their standards
I've learned whatever the hell lesson
I'm supposed to learn and I can't even
imagine what that lesson would be it's
like what don't tweet don't speak don't
think don't tell my clients the truth so
how I don't know how to learn that
lesson I don't know how they're going to
measure whether or not I've learned it I
don't know who they're going to get to
measure it I have no idea who they're
going to get to teach me I guess we're
going to find out I would like to find
out I very curious about that person and
uh so I'm set up for failure and you
know my detractors will say well Dr
Peterson you say yourself up for failure
you know whatever but um those are the
Beatles I was referring
to yeah yeah I know I know and
uh well I don't think I've set myself up
for failure I wouldn't say the evidence
so far suggests that I have and so
you know it's so much of it's
Preposterous one of the things I asked
the college they never answered I asked
them 40 questions in a letter of this
level of impossibility so one of them
was all right so you got about a dozen
complaints maybe they got like 17
complaints and decided to proceed with
13 some it's something like that from
people from all over the world detailing
out the uh my crimes as we've discussed
um many of those complaining it's
claimed falsely in writing to be clients
of Mine by the way which didn't
invalidate their opinions apparently
none of them just to be clear about this
none of them were clients of mine or new
clients of mine or were anyone I
commented about on Twitter or knew
anyone I commented about on Twitter so
we want to be clear about that and
uh I can't see how this can play out in
any other way than I take the course
it doesn't work because it's set up not
to work then they take my license Okay
now what's the consequence of me losing
my license well it's annoying you know
because those are hard licenses to get
and I worked very hard to earn and
deserve that license and to maintain it
and also very hard at being a good
therapist which I was there were no
complaints taken about Against Me by
anyone until I became known in the
public sphere you know so that's a good
thing to consider
um and I'm not that happy about the
prospect of the woke Beatles that you
described having their way with my
professional credentials it annoys me
deeply now on the other hand I'm not
dependent on that license anymore I have
other tricks up my sleeve so to speak
anyways and at some point I'm going to
determine that being a member of their
pathetic little incestuous ideologically
addled resent M ridden
bureaucratic peab brained micro so Club
is not worth the effort and I suppose
we're probably there already but I have
something to do publicly you know in my
delusion and like I said maybe I'm wrong
and I should just shut the hell up and
pack up and go home but my
sense grandiose though it may be is that
these bloody colleges regulatory boards
they pose a major threat to the free
speech and free thought of all Canadians
not just professionals Canadians can
think for themselves what sort of
professional consultation are you going
to be able to obtain when the people
you're talking to are terrified of
telling you the truth when you bring
them your 13-year-old daughter who's in
major distress who's so concerned about
her body that she's thinking about
sterilizing herself and having your
breasts removed and your psychologist
isn't going to be able to do anything
except life to you that it's all
right how's that going to go for
you you think that through for like 15
seconds and if you don't think that'll
happen to someone in your family soon
you either don't have a family or you're
deluded because it's coming your way
real soon so you know I feel that I have
an obligation to fight this out in the
public sphere and many ways it would be
simpler for me just to tell them to go
directly to hell and give up my license
proudly you know and uh
not worry about this again
but I don't know I'm not there yet might
happen I'm not there yet we'll play out
this
farce to its end and I'll do that in the
faith that if I conduct myself with a
certain degree of honor and care
that the results won't be precisely what
my would be enemies intend let's put it
that
way yeah the this is this is I mean
luckily you're in a position where this
isn't going to crush you but if this
happened to somebody who didn't have
multiple streams of
income what would they do they' just be
re-educated and lie I suppose or or quit
well the problem with being re it's not
that easy to be re-educated and lie I
mean first of
all you know it's pretty hard on your
soul
second
you can't
lie persistently without becoming
corrupted you can't pretend without
tilting in the direction of your
pretense and
so an honorable person in this situation
is basically they're basically screwed
like there's nothing they can really do
you know because if they quit which is
what they should do they should tell
them to go to hell publicly and
repeatedly Amy ham the nurse in m in
British Columbia she's they've tortured
her to death and she was very afraid of
them and she's Come Out Swinging again
so you know she's got some spy in that
girl um did she did she did she um
oppose what was going on with Co that
that's her story well she really got in
trouble as I understand it for insisting
that there was a biological difference
between men and women right which is the
most basic of facts right of all facts
that is the most basic if you are
willing to compromise yourself on the
issue of the reality of biological sex
there is no lie you won't swallow and
that's why we're being tempted with that
particular proposition because the evil
system of ideas that has the woke
ideologues in its
clutches has as part of its structure of
implicit knowledge the certainty that if
the LIE of
gender fluidity well let's say
biological sex fluidity can be
promulgated there's no limit
whatsoever
so you know and people they want to
delay the inevitable if the woke mob
comes knocking they'll cow toow and
apologize and it's certainly
understandable because who the hell
wants to put their family's Financial
Security at risk their professional
license but you know at some point you
can have a certain amount of of hell now
now or you can have way more hell later
and I've never been someone to wait
around for the next wave of hell when I
can just get it over with right now you
know and I guess that's what accounts
for whatever degree of combativeness I
have is we're going to have a fight
we're going to have it right now and
we're going to get to the bottom of it
so pleasant as though Pleasant though
that will be so I don't know the
sardonic part of
me like there's a blackly amusing
element to this it's so ridiculous that
it's almost
incomprehensible and so I'm curious it's
like okay it with each move this this
gets either I get more diluted or this
gets darker you know depending on how
you look at it I presume it's it's that
it gets darker like the rot within the
Canadian the rot within Canada gets
exposed more deeply I mean we've seen
something similar as I said take place
on the University front in the United
States and you know there are lots of
people jumping up and down about that
like right now like Bill Amman and
Christopher rufo and rufo probably knows
more than anyone else about how deep
that rot goes but you know would be
Democrats like Amman H you know they're
shocked by Claudine gay and the
president of upen and MIT it's like if
not shocked you you guys have a lot more
you have a lot more Devils to encounter
in the next few months this is a big
problem you know in Canadians I thought
about this a lot for about 150 years
Canadians could rest assured in the
essential reliability of their
fundamental institutions and maybe
Canada foremost among countries in the
world you know I mean arguably the
Scandinavian countries were in the same
league and certain European countries
and the United States on a good day but
Canada was pretty damn stable kind of
dull a little hard on Excellence
but reliable orderly stable
predictable peace order and good
government sort of place
and like that was 1995 boys and girls
and wherever the hell you are now it's
not there and Canadians not only don't
know that they don't want to know that
but also they don't even know how to
find out to know that because
especially the older
Canadians they're accustomed to relying
on Legacy news services like CBC
Canadian Broadcasting Corporation to
provide them with you know at least
quasi valid information
well forget about that like those days
are gone that that ended in
2015 that's quite a while ago now
so so you know let's Let The Comedy roll
man and uh you know one of the things
the CPO people don't understand probably
don't want to understand is
that I had to hold my tongue and abide
my time while this legal action was
proceeding and now it's like it's very
dangerous to put someone in a position
where they don't have anything to lose I
don't have anything to lose the worst
they can do and this is what they'll do
is they'll take my license and then I'll
be known by those who wish to Foster
enmity against me as now disgraced
Canadian
psychologist Jordan Peterson but what
that's going to do I believe is bring
disgrace to those who Levy that epithet
it'll just undermine the validity of the
designation itself it'll undermine
public trust in the idea of psychologist
in the reliability of that designation
now you know that's a pretty
Preposterous claim but and maybe I'm
wrong and if I'm wrong well I'm willing
to take the punches but
but there's a reason that people bought
11 million copies of my
book The reason they bought 11 million
copies of 12 rules for life was that
they found it helpful like
psychologically helpful which was its
purpose there's a reason
that the video interviews and lectures
that I produced on YouTube and released
on YouTube mostly for free not that I
haven't benefited financially from all
of this because I certainly have and I'm
not the least bit ashamed of that in
fact I'm pretty happy about it and
grateful for it and hope it will
continue and I'm striving to make sure
it does it's like there's a reason
people are watching those videos and
listening so we'll see whose reputation
suffers hopefully I won't do anything
too stupid and angry along the way and I
don't think I will
because I I'm actually not particularly
angry it's like I digested all this a
long time ago I'm sad about it I'm sad
for my country you know and we've talked
too you moved I can move to Arizona and
have
heartbeat yeah you know my son Julian
he's an American he could leave lots of
Canadians are moving three times as many
Canadians mooved to the us as vice versa
we're going to be the worst performing
economy in the developed world for the
next 30 Years by the current projection
really um we make less money now in
Canada on average than people in
Mississippi and sorry for everybody in
Mississippi to use you as that example
but hey you're all doing better than
Canadians so you can be happy about that
it'd be much simpler for me just to say
oh you know pack up all my troubles in
the old kit bag and hit the road you
know it's not like I'm not used to
moving
around but I don't
know it's kind of interesting so and I'm
I also feel a certain moral
obligation M do you do you think that
you're going to continue this battle
legally well we do have one Avenue there
is there is one appeal route left we can
appeal directly to the Supreme Court um
it's a very low probability uh maneuver
and you know another
loss who knows right cuz assume that
gets rejected which is the most lik
outcome well then those who are are not
very fond of me will say to those who
want to believe well you know three
different levels of Canadian Judiciary
disc decided that Dr Peterson was wrong
who the hell is he to make claims
that this is uh what an inappropriate
response and look I can understand why
people would believe that I would want
to believe that you know yeah it means
the entire entire court system is
compromised
well it implies it it certainly implies
that you'll you'll you'll be happy to
know now though that the federal court
today announced that you have the right
or even the obligation to reveal your
pronouns when you address the court and
that you also can start your whatever it
is you're doing with an indigenous land
acknowledgement so people can make of
that what they want yeah they just
announced that on Twitter today Arizona
sounds like sounds like the right move
that's my
opinion yeah yeah well you have a
personal state in the matter too but I
also appreciate that you know it's I'm
pretty happy that you'd be happy if we
moved down there but you know I've got
well Julian's here and um he should to
stay yeah well there's plenty of people
thinking in that direction but for now I
think we'll continue our I'll continue
in the course that I've set myself on
and Tammy's behind it and and you
know I'm willing
to play Come What May may you know I I
already have my ducks in order with
regards to my strategies I'm going to
say what I think I don't really care
what happens like that that's not
exactly it's not like I don't care
that's wrong sorry that that's ill
stated there isn't anything better that
could conceivably happen to me then
exactly what will happen to me
regardless of how it appears if I am
careful and state the
truth I firmly believe that I don't even
think I believe it I think I know it
whether you're feeling stressed anxious
or simply seeking a moment of peace and
Tranquility the Hallow app has something
for you hallow offers an incredible
range of guided meditations and prayers
that are designed to help you deepen
your spirituality and strengthen your
connection to God with hallow you can
explore different themes and types of
prayer and meditation such as gratitude
for giess and centering prayer you can
also choose from different lengths of
meditation to fit your schedule whether
you have a few minutes or an hour with
its userfriendly interface and hundreds
of guided meditations the Hallow app has
quickly become a go-to resource for
people seeking spiritual growth and
healing download the app for free at
hall.com Jordan you can set prayer
reminders and track your progress along
the way Hall is truly transformative and
will help you connect with your faith on
a deeper level so what are you waiting
for download the hall app today at
hall.com Jordan that's hall.com
Jordan hall.com / Jordan for an
exclusive 3mon free trial of all 10,000
plus prayers and
meditations so whatever success I've had
is because I say what I think and
obviously I paid a certain kind of price
for that I don't have a research career
anymore although that's not exactly true
either because I have some pretty damn
good researchers on my staff and we're
doing some remarkable things at a rate
that was like a hundred times faster
than anything I could do in the
University like I don't think in some
sense I haven't lost anything like I had
to change I'm not a full-time practicing
Professor anymore although I'm still a
professor emitis so I have that
designation I don't have a clinical
practice but I'm kind of practicing on a
global stage that's not an over that's
not an exaggeration I don't have a
university but I'm building one that's
kind of interesting um so not there's
nothing in it that hasn't been gained
apart from a certain amount of stress
but you know what are you going to have
a life without stress I I don't think so
and if you're not worrying about
something big that's real you're going
to worry about something that's small
and delusional so you can forget the
whole stressfree thing you wouldn't even
want that if you could have it you know
people are way too ordinary and
unreasonable to want a stress-free
existence you know you hear people say I
just want to be happy it's like oh just
hey that's all you want is to be like
walking around in a CL cloud of delight
100% of the time and then they say just
as if that's the easiest thing in the
world for anyone to imagine and manage
it's like no definitely
not do you think like is there so I've
been talking about this a bit on my
Instagram and people have reached out
and said is there anything I can do to
help
but the that yeah okay
sure paper would be best but if you have
to do it electronically do it
electronically sure you know that's
helpful maybe we'll we'll link that then
in the description for anybody who's
interested I still think it's a like
you're doomed your license was gone like
as soon as you became famous in 2017
like it wasn't going to be there which
you said yourself I think in 2016 or
2017 that speaking out like this is
going to I mean you were a bit more
doomsday about it something about lose
you your career but like you've talk
happened I lost my professorship
essentially it just became impossible
people might be curious about that you
know I I couldn't figure out if I could
go back to the university for quite a
long time and it certainly would have
been uncomfortable to do so given the
woke direction of all educational
institutions but I think I could have
gone back and made peace with my
colleagues it's not like I didn't
fundamentally get along with them you
know um but I realized once I recovered
and could think clearly that I couldn't
take graduate students anymore I
couldn't train researchers because one
of the things you're hoping if you train
researchers is that they go off to be
professors and I train plenty of
professors which is a high level of
success for an academic researcher by
the way it's one of the standards by
which attainment in those fields is
judged there isn't a hope in hell that
anyone who ever worked for me much less
got a letter of reference from me let's
say because they were my student or who
even agreed to be in my lab would ever
get an academic position so how could I
continue as a professor and then with
regards to being a clinical psychologist
well first of all once things blew up
around me my life was so complicated
that I just didn't have
the capacity free capacity necessary to
concentrate as diligently on my client's
welfare as would it be necessary NE cuz
when you're in a clinical session with
someone for an
hour nothing that's about you is
supposed to happen right so if you're
preoccupied well that that's not good
and plus you'll make a mistake
especially if people are talking to you
about really important things and then
also I have to have free time outside of
my practice to take phone calls and so
forth and to drop everything at the drop
of a hat in case there's an emergency
you know you remember when you were
growing up how often did the phone ring
in during the week from a
client in a client in rough shape I was
going to bring that up during this
podcast actually
it I mean I feel like there were a few
clients where it might have been every
day like it was really well I gave them
my phone number too you know so yeah you
got to be all in if you're a
psychotherapist and there's just no way
I could continue with that not in good
conscience you know and that was really
painful because I liked my clients and
they liked me and you know some of them
I had a relationship with that was as
deep as you'd typically have with a
family member certainly like you get to
know people in a clinical environment
maybe better than anyone else has ever
known them you know and if the thing
goes well those are close relationships
and so it was very painful for me and
for my clients to have that all
evaporate but the writing was on the
wall you know and you when reality comes
knocking you're a fool if you turn away
regardless of what it is
so and this it's the same thing now it's
like this looks like bad news and it's
certainly bad news for other
professionals and I think Canadian
professionals who
aren't woke
themselves and who don't have their
heads fully in the
sand and their nether Reg exposed for
exploitation let's say um they know this
is bad news well that's the image that
came to mind the other day when I was
thinking about Canada situ yeah I know I
know yeah that's part of what happens
when you let your Shadow talk to you you
know ah oh man yeah pretty rough man
so so it's tiring you know I've been
very tired this week and uh it's been
difficult to concentrate on my book wine
wine and that is a problem because it's
due right away and I I suppose to the
degree I am
angry I'm angry because I don't like
having my time
stolen by dimwits who don't have
anything better to do with their lives
than promote the dogma of ignorant men
and moralize about it I don't like that
to say the least and part of the reason
I don't like that is cuz I know where it
goes where it goes is not good and where
Canada is going is not good it might
already be that where Canada is is not
good the biggest fear I have right now
for the country is that Trudeau will
hang on for another year
because getting rid of that man is like
trying to get a fly out of sticky
paper yeah with all the mess that would
entail
and uh then Pierre POV will be
elected and then we'll find out just how
bad things are and that'll be dumped on
his shoulders and his government will
fail because of the cataclysm that he's
inherited the conservatives will have a
one-
term shot at it and then like Mark
Carney will be the new prime minister of
Canada that's the most like out most
likely outcome and by that time
Canadians will make 40% of what
Americans make instead of the 60% they
make now yeah yeah so you know
that's that's rough and
likely so maybe not but you
know I have I have some of the abilities
of Cassandra Cassandra was a sear who
was fated to be entirely accurate in her
predictions her torture was that no one
ever listened to her so I don't have
that problem because people do listen to
me but I do have some Pro ability to see
down the road to where things are going
I mean I'm optimistic fundamentally I
certainly do believe that as a species
we're on the cusp of we could we are on
the cusp of a potential prosperity and
realm of possibility that's unparalleled
in that's
unparalleled I like that better I tell
you we could
sure carry everything to to an
unimaginable Hell in a hand
basket with equal ease and you know I'm
hoping that we're all wise enough to
pick the former route and not to engage
too carelessly in the Delights of the
latter and you everyone can see that
playing itself
out I feel like another outcome could be
Trump winning in America and I feel like
Canada always kind of trails behind what
America does a little bit and so
potentially Trump could turn around
America and then Canada could follow
suit after that give or take five years
after or something that would be more
you know optimistic you know I mean it's
certainly the case
that the Jewish community in the United
States and Canada are waking up to the
dangers of the progressive idiocy that
they so foolishly by majority supported
so that's a good thing um certainly MIT
Harvard and upen revealed their hand so
the degree of rought in the educational
institutions is becoming to be somewhat
apparent even to people who are inclined
not to believe it which is like everyone
because who the hell wants to believe
that um there are certainly signs that
the public has had enough of the woke
nonsense especially on the green front I
mean the German working class is let's
put it this way not very happy we saw
what happened in Argentina did you see
the new president went to the WF yeah
did you see his yeah I did did you see
the ai ai translated version in English
no no oh oh man it's good yeah the AI is
really coming along we're going to use
that for Peterson Academy I think it
looks like he's speaking in English and
he even has it's in his voice and his
accent it's really good I'll send it to
you yeah okay okay yeah well he I mean
he for everyone who's watching and
listening I mean he went to the WF in to
Davos and said you guys have got the
problem
wrong you're the
problem and that's what I think it's
like top- down centralizing globalist
Green utopians moralizing about the poor
expelling carbon while flying around the
world in their Jets Yep they're the
problem pretty
obviously after
you it it's interesting that they
invited him I thought that was
interesting it is
interesting yeah yeah fair enough and
and well and also and also good you know
I mean that is one of the things that
you know you have to give the devil is
due they did have enough
G to invite him so and he had enough
courage to
speak so you know that could be worse
you know and there are other things
unfolding around me that are very very
optimistic we're we're launching
Peterson Academy as you pointed out the
end of February and that's fun you know
it's a great op adventure to see if we
can offer highlevel University
equivalent education for like 10% of the
price to everyone that's a cool thing
the art conference you know I started
getting involved with this organization
the alliance for responsible citizenship
ship which is trying to promote a a
vision of decentralized responsibility
as the antithesis of topdown
centralizing globalist green Utopia SL
hell and we had a lovely time at the
conference it it was a smashing hit we
got 15,000 people at the O2 afterwards
for a public event that's going great
guns and it was really I really enjoy
working with the people that I've been
working with you know so I have a lot of
reasons to be optimistic in my own life
Tammy's doing well you're doing well
Julian's thriving I'm not H 98% dead so
you know that's a good thing so the
college thing is a bump in the road in
some real way and also an opportunity
it's an opportunity it's an annoying
opportunity you know well it is an
annoying opportunity but I'm doing my
best to be grateful for it too because I
think I do believe and we've had lots of
experience like this and we've already
talked about this is
that just because the thing that's
happening to you at the moment presents
a problem doesn't mean it isn't r with
opportunity and I do think that's a
reflection of the old Dragon gold
symbolism you know it's
like you have to confront a
dragon to get the gold but what that
also implies is that well it might look
like a dragon but maybe it's a treasure
house you know and we're we're sort of
taking that attitude with regards to
Peterson Academy and also with essay the
app that I'm working on with Julian it's
like well nobody teaches people how to
write okay well if nobody's doing
it and you see that well then you could
do it the universities are
disintegrating okay well hey people
still need to be
educated and that's a better way of
looking at the world is just because it
looks like I don't know if there's any
such thing as an opportunity that
doesn't present itself as a
problem it's a great way of thinking
about
problems it's not
naive that doesn't make it easy you know
if you're really having trouble with
your
wife and you figure out what the trouble
is you could radically improve her life
and your life and maybe the ability of
both of you to communicate with everyone
else that's a hell of a gift you know in
the guise of that
problem
so so I'm I'm okay tired that's the only
problem you know because I was already
working pretty much at 100% capacity and
I suppose there's some danger in that
but I'm trying to finish this book and
it's a really hard book and so when
something like this comes
along it I'm burning up energy I really
don't have and there's a certain danger
in that and I get a little more
irritable I think I was mouthy on
Twitter last night again after not being
so you know for a number of months um
and that was a bit of a slip
but and that's a danger you know and and
and it's one of the dangers of this sort
of trial by process that I'm in at the
moment is that one of the typical
outcomes for people who
are pinned down
by
responsibilist
bureaucrats hiding behind the luxury of
their positions is that they get pushed
to the point where they do something
stupid
then as soon as they do something stupid
you know of course they're screwed
because their tormentors jump all over
them and saywell we knew you were like
that from the beginning and that's what
we were warning everyone for that's the
social justice Bird's Voice by the way
in case you were wondering it's lovely
yeah yeah yeah yeah dictatorship by
screeching Harpy that's where we're at
now right we're going to find out what
the feminine proclivity for
totalitarianism re is real soon we're
just doing this for your own
good that's no good okay well uh I feel
like is there anything else we want
people to know that pretty much sums it
up and well I guess we could you know we
could speak directly to Canadians for a
moment it's like yeah if you're watching
and listening this and you want to do
something about
it well write the Ontario College of
psychologist and let them know what you
think um wrate your Member of Parliament
or your federally or you're Member of
Parliament provincially if you live in
Ontario ask them what the hell's going
on you know and what they think about
the fact that the regulatory boards in
Canada now have final say even over the
charter rights of Canadian professionals
ask them what they think that means for
the rights of the typical person look
guys who are watching and listening and
think about it for a minute if the right
to free speech and thought can be
denied to
me by my regulatory board and the courts
what bloody chance do you think you have
and then if that doesn't bother you
enough then ask yourself this what
chance do your children have you know
and if you think I'm a crank and that
I'm exaggerating this well fine you
you're welcome to that opinion you might
even be right I don't think so but you
might be and you can take your chances
just like everyone else
but if you think I am right you better
think about it because the news on the
Canadian front is not good this country
is in serious trouble way more than
people think and the most likely outcome
is exactly I think the one I described
the Liberals will be turfed out
temporarily Pierre PV will take the hit
by and certainly The Establishment will
do everything they possibly can to blame
everything cataclysmic that Trudeau has
been producing on
POV that's obviously the best strategy
and then we'll have another Trudeau
clone some elitist
intellectual even though Trudeau is by
no means an intellectual he has all the
pretensions of an
intellectual has none of the
intelligence or wisdom a certain cunning
that's for sure and no shortage of
self-confidence will get another one
like him and
then then it'll be time to move to
Arizona
okay well anything else
kiddo any cautions on your
part I don't think so I think we're set
up pretty well I mean be careful on
Twitter or X yeah I will I will that
would be my caution be careful on X but
um and and sleep and don't get too upset
or angry because it's just well it's
kind of out of your it's really you're
really just along for the ride
here you know that's kind of true of
life in general you know you're you're
kind of swept along and you got to ask
yourself what you want to be swept Along
by and I would say you want to be swept
Along by your relationship with God and
you want to be swept Along by the truth
because if you're swept Along by
falsehood and the prince of
Lies you're being swept toward something
so abysmal that the worst of your
paranoid
imagination uh would stretch itself
Beyond its capacity to
imagine
so I'll say what I think like I have for
years and I'll pay my price whatever
that is and I'll reap My Rewards
whatever those might be and I have
confidence in
the not only in the outcome but even in
the process painful though it may be you
know at certain
moments I got lots of support you know
and Tam and I are on the same page that
makes a big difference and so same with
you and Julian I've got lots of support
and we've been through we've been
through worse than this man by a lot so
and we get to see what happens you know
uh it's not
boring that's for sure it's not boring y
okay well I think that wraps up that
very nicely thanks Dad good luck with
everything
okay bye-bye